Call custom macro set_msvc_crt_flags if users set CRT flags (#405)
intel/opencl-clang: CMakeLists.txt

    $<TARGET_OBJECTS:cl_headers>
)

# Same CRT compile option are reqiured to avoid link errors on Windows.

> # MD and MDd are choosed by default for released and debug build in LLVM,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# MD and MDd are choosed by default for released and debug build in LLVM.
```

> # MD and MDd are choosed by default for released and debug build in LLVM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# MD and MDd are choosed by default for release and debug build in LLVM.
```

Author: done

> # if users set MT or MTd flags, they also need add same options for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# if users set MT or MTd flags instead, they also need to add the flag for
```

> # opencl-clang sources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# opencl-clang sources using a custom macro set_msvc_crt_flags.
```

    $<TARGET_OBJECTS:cl_headers>
)

> set_msvc_crt_flags(${TARGET_NAME})

Reviewer: can we check if macro set_msvc_crt_flags exists, rather than adding the implementation of the macro?

Author: good idea! I will update it.

Reviewer: or add a new cmake option to enable this macro call. And this cmake option should be OFF by default.
